## <span aria-label="waving hand">👋</span> Hi. I'm Eric Masiello, and this is what I do.

I am a principal software engineer and domain architect at [Vista](https://vista.com/), where my teams and I develop front-end libraries that make design capabilities scale. Our tech stack is primarily TypeScript, React, and MobX. While I love building user interfaces, building libraries that support rich experiences adds the additional challenge of designing for more than just my needs. I have to straddle that line between the "pit of success" and extensibility. In addition, my teams and I must consider other essential requirements like accessibility, performance, and testing.

My teams and I have worked on some unique projects. I prototyped a command line interface (CLI) tool and partnered with other engineers to design and build a project generator called "Create Design Stack Project." The CLI walks you through several prompts and generates nearly everything you need to contribute to Vista's design capabilities ecosystem. I also helped brainstorm tooling that improves how engineers build and test libraries inside their host applications (think `npm link`, but tailored toward our organization and technology). And I am presently leading a high visibility, large-scale migration effort that will modernize and align all of Vista's core editors onto a standard technology stack.

I have a unique and "unusual" love for writing unit and integration tests. I take inspiration from the great Kent C. Dodds and have [turned my testing philosophy into an internal course at Vista](https://gitlab.com/ericmasiello/testing-react-workshop).

Lastly, I love to tinker with the edges of web and user interface development. I've begun digging into Rust because I'm excited by what additional possibilities it enables on the web via web assembly. Also, being a self-proclaimed Apple fan who loves to build UIs, I've taught myself a reasonable amount of Swift and SwiftUI. I even launched an [Apple Watch/iOS/iPad app in the App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tap-4-bpm/id1521303621) that counts beats per minute when listening to music.
