## <span aria-title="waving hand">👋</span> Hi. I'm Eric Masiello, and this is what I'm all about.

I am a principal software engineer and domain architect at [Vista](https://vista.com/) where my teams and I develop front-end libraries that make design capabilities scale. Our tech stack is primarily TypeScript, React, and MobX. While I love building user interfaces, building libraries that support rich experiences adds the additional challenge of designing for more than just my needs. Not to mention, I must consider other important requirements such as accessibility, performance, and our API's design.

My teams and I have worked on some unique projects. I prototyped a CLI tool and then partnered with other engineers to design and build out a tool called "Create Design Stack Project." The CLI walks you through a series of prompts and generates nearly everything you need to contribute to Vista's design capabilities ecosystem. I also helped brainstorm tooling that improves how engineers build and test libraries inside their host applications (think `npm link`, but much better!). This is on top of all libraries we build for other engineers at Vista so they can build advanced design experiences throughout our site.

I have an admittedly unusual love for writing unit and integration UI tests. I take inspiration from the great Kent C. Dodds and have [turned my testing philosophy into an internal course at Vista](https://gitlab.com/ericmasiello/testing-react-workshop).

Lastly, I love to tinker on the edges of web and user interface development. I've begun digging into Rust because I'm excited by what additional possibilities it enables on the web via web assembly. Also, being a self-proclaimed Apple fanboy who loves to build UIs, I've taught myself a reasonable amount of Swift and SwiftUI. I even launched an [Apple Watch app in the App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tap-4-bpm/id1521303621) that counts beats per minute when listening to music.
